Login to your GiHub account and create a repository assignment01. Clone the repository to your device and open the directory as a project in Visual Studio Code.

1. Inside create main.py file (for now empty) which will contain your main code.

     1.1. Commit with a message on the new change and push the changes to online repository (commit 1)

2. Create a new branch to work on a new feature, switch to that branch and do the following feature: Create a new file swap.py which will contain a function that will only receive 2 numbers entered by the user in main.py (from 0 to 3) to swap them with strings of the numbers. Example: a = 0, b = 2, the output would be a = zero, b = two;

     2.1. Commit with a message on the new feature and push the changes to onlince repository (commit 2)

3. Create a new branch to work on a new feature, switch to that branch and do the following feature: Create a new direcotry called extras and inside creade a new file desc.py which will contain a function that will receive 1 number entered by the user in main.py that will print natural numbers in descending order until 0 using while loop. Example: 5, output would be 5 4 3 2 1.

     3.1. Commit with a message on the new feature and push the changes to onlince repository (commit 3)

4. Return to your main branch and work on your main code file: In your main.py file import these two modules and create a program that will call the functions from both modules accordingly one by one and present the output on screen.

     4.1. Commit with a message on the main file changes and push the changes to onlince repository (commit 4)

5. After confirming that the files are online and merged in the repository and all commits are present, delete the two branches created for the features.

6. Screenshot the repository to show the commits done and together with the project files put them in .zip or .rar archive and attach it to this assignment + copy / paste the link of the public repository in the essay as addition.

Example output of the program:

Please enter two numbers to swap to string:

0

2

Please enter a number to print it in natural descending order:

5

The two swaped numbers are: zero and two

Natural descending order of 5 is: 5 4 3 2 1